Flatten & unify component structure (#961)
neondatabase/autoscaling: ARCHITECTURE.md

## High-level overview

> At a high level, this repository provides three components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a high level, this repository provides 5 components with non-trivial amount of code:
```
1. neonvm-runner
2. neonvm-controller
3. autoscale-scheduler (plugin)
4. autoscaler-agent (side node: those autoscale vs autoscaler vs autoscaling produce mildly annoying typos)
5. vm-builder

I think it makes navigating the repo easier.

Author: I've updated it now. LMK what you think!

Reviewer: Good!

## Repository structure

At a high level, each component gets its own directory and resulting YAML for its deployment, where
applicable.

These are:

* `autoscale-scheduler` — the scheduler (with our plugin)
* `autoscaler-agent`
* `cluster-autoscaler` — patch for building a NeonVM-compatible [cluster-autoscaler]

> * `cluster-autoscaler` — our patch to cluster-autoscaler so it understands the resource usage from
>     NeonVM VMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Duplicate.

Author: Good catch, thanks.
